# Project 4
Consists of multiple files that implement a fantasy football website, the most important of which include views.py: the main python django application, urls.py: the python file that maps the views to the html files for django, models.py: the python file that defines the database models that define the tables to hold the data which django will create using sqlite, apps.py: the python file that defines the application (and folders) including teams and users, and admin.py: the python file that registers the models for django. In addition, folders for the teams and users applications that include the files that go along with the apps: templates which includes all the html files to format and display the apps, migrations which includes the database migration files to create the data and tables, as well as static which includes the css and javascript files needed for the apps plus images for the NFL teams. 

Additionally, there is a User View Dropdowns PDF included since the presentation video did not display the dropdowns as they were being viewed, only the selections. There is a lot of information in some of the dropdowns the user can see to make their selections so the screenshots may be helpful in understanding the functionality added to those screens. Hopefully I got them all.

# teams folder
# views.py
File run within django to start the python application. It consists of the view definitions, data processing, database maganement, and data setup for the html files. 

index(): first checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it indicates no user so the html can prevent access to links that require a login. Users not logged in can view the list of 32 NFL teams and the players on each team. To access any additional functionality, they must create a user account. If authenticated, the app gets the username and uses that to get the user data from the db. If the user is not found in the db, the app prompts the user to register. Otherwise, it gets the superuser or admin info for the user. If the user is NOT a superuser, then it first checks to 
see if the games for this week have been started. If so, then it gets the list of games ordered by team id. If games have not started, then users can still add teams for this week's fantasy game. The app checks to see if there are any teams in process, but not yet submitted for the given user. If so, it gets the team id, count and total for the teams in process. If not, then it checks to see if there are any teams for this user overall and if so, it sets the session information with 0s for the count and total. It then grabs the last team id so it can set the next team as well for the session. It then sets up the display information based on whether games have started or not. If they have started, it displays the list of games ordered by rank. If games have not yet started, if the user is not an admin user it displays the list of user's fantasy teams including the count, username, and team id - both submitted and in progress. But if the user is not logged in or they are admin and games have not started, then all 32 NFL teams are displayed by teams/index.html.

register(): get method creates a form to get the first name, last name, username, password and email from the user and calls users/register.html. The post method grabs the user input and if the username is not already registered,it then creates a new user in the user database and calls teams/index.html. Otherwise, it calls users/register.html and sends an error message to the user indicating the username already exists.

login(): get method creates a form to get the username and password for the given user and calls users/login.html. The post method then grabs the user input and if the credentials are valid, it calls teams/index.html. Otherwise, it asks the user for correct credentials.

logout(): 0s out the session information and logs the user out of the application and calls users/logout.html.

select_pick(pos): first checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If authenticated, the method first gets the total, count, and team id from the session storage. It then gets the game team information for the player type passed in pos, combined with the team id from the session, to get the selected player's id. If the action passed into this method is post, then it gets the input for the replacement player's id from the user's selection. It uses that to pull the replacement player's record from the player table and updates the total with the new player price. It then uses the new player's position type to pull the player's stats and then updates the game team record in the database with the given information for the new player. It also updates the total in the session storage. It then calls teams/addPlayer.html to display the new player information and a success message. The get method first gets the season schedule table in the db for the current week. It then checks the position passed in and sends the display information based on the type of player selected to be changed. Then it calls teams/selectPick.html with the display info setup.

view_team(team_id): first checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If authenticated, the method first gets the totla, count, and team id from the session storage. If the action passed into this method is post, it gets the input for the player id and position type from the user's selections. It then checks to ensure the user made a selection for a new player and if not, it formats and displays an error message by calling teams/error.html and indicates no player was selected for update. The method then uses the player id to get the player record from the db. It adds the player price to the total and checks to ensure the team total is less than the indicated cap of $13,000 and if so it uses the player position type to get the player's stats. If the total is over the cap, then it formats and displays an error message by calling teams/error.html indicating the player was too expensive. Using the player's information and stats, it creates and saves a new entry for the player in the game team database. It updates the session information with the new total and count. It then sets up the display information and calls teams/viewTeam.html with the display info setup. The get method checks if a team is included and if not, it sets the team to the team id from the session. The method then sets up the display information for the user to either view all weekly games if they have been started, or only their teams - both submitted and in progress - if they can still create new teams,an d calls teams/viewTeam.html with the display info setup.

view_nflTeam(team_id): this method is available to all users. The post action for this method is only triggered when a user goes to the team page directly and enters a team id so it first gets the username, if available, and then gets the input for the team id from the user's selections. It then checks to see if the team is in the db and if not, it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate team could not be found. Otherwise, it checks that a player exists for the team. If not, it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate team could not be found. If player exists, the method reverse calls teams/view_NFLteam.html with team id that user selected so user can view the players and update details based on their credentials. The get method checks if the user is authenticated and then checks to see if a valid team id has been passed to the method. If so, it sets up the display information for the user, including all kickers, offense, and defense players for the given team, and calls teams/viewTeam.html with the display info setup. If a valid team id is not passed in, then it calls teams/viewTeam.html with display info to request the team id the user wants to view.

submit_team(): first checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If authenticated, the method first gets the total, count, and team id from the session storage. The post method first checks if the team id is in the db for the user's weekly games. If not, it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate team could not be found. Otherwise, it gets the input for the special instructions from the user's selections. If team found to submit for user, it gets all the players and updates each of them with the correct status for "submitted" and saves the existing db entry for the team with the new status for each player in the database. It then sets up the display information and calls teams/success.html to tell the user their team was submitted. The get method checks if the weekly games have been started yet and if so, it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate weekly games have already started so new team cannot be submitted. Otherwise, it checks the db for a game team with the team id from session storage that is not cancelled or completed. If not found, formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate submission failed. Otherwise, if checks the status of the first player on the team. If the status is submitted, it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate weekly games have already started. Otherwise, it checks to ensure the count from session storage indicates 9 players. If not, then it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate 9 players must be selected. Otherwise, it finally sets up the display information with all the players to be submitted for the user team and calls teams/submitTeam.html with display info on players for user to confirm and submit.

update_player(pos): this method is available to superusers only so there is no check. The post method first gets the input for the player information, including name, age, etc. from the user's selections. It then checks to see if the player id passed into the method is in the db and if not, it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate player could not be found. Otherwise, it gets the input for each of the player fields (first, last, age, height, teamId, etc.) from the user's selections. If data is entered by the user, it then updates the entries in the db for the player and saves it back to the db. It then uses the position type to get the stats for the player type and then sets up the display information, including the all player information and stats for this player type, and calls teams/stats.html. The get method checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If authenticated, the method uses the player id passed into the method to see if the player is in the db. If not, it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate player could not be found. Otherwise, it sets up the display information for the user to update the player's information, including their name, age, team, player status, etc. and then calls teams/updatePlayer.html with the display info setup.

stats(pos): first checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If authenticated, the method first uses the player id passed into the method to see if the player is in the db. If not, it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate player could not be found. Otherwise, it uses the player's position type to get the stats for the given player type and then sets up the display information for the user, to update the player's stats, based on their position and then calls teams/stats.html with the display info setup.

compare(pos): first checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If authenticated, the method first gets the team id from the session storage. The post method gets the input for player1, player2, and player3 from the user's selections. It also gets the player to compare them to from the db using the player id passed into the method, called the pick. It then checks the weekly schedule to see what the current week is. Then, based on which entries the user selected to compare with, the method gets the stats based on the pick's position type for each of the entry selections and the pick. It then sets up the display information, including all player information and stats for pick and comparison selections, plus the home and away team information for games based on the current week's schedule db information and calls teams/viewCompare.html with the display info setup. If no user selections were made, it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate player could not be found. The get method uses the player id passed into the method to get the pick's player information. Tt then sets up the display information for the user to view the pick as well as all player information and calls trees/compare.html with the display info setup.

view_compare(): first checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If authenticated, the method first gets the total, count, and team id from the session storage. It then gets gets the input for player id and position type from the user's selections. It then checks to see if the user entered both the player id and position type and if not, it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate the player id or position were not selected. Otherwise, it checks to see if the player id is in the player db. If not, it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate the player id cannot be found. Otherwise, it uses the team id to get the user's game team information from the db. Then based on the position type the user selected, it gets the stats from the db for the selected player. It then checks the user's game team information and if the team has not yet been created for this user, it creates and saves a new game team for the user with an entry for the player in the selected position with the given information in the database. If the team already exists and has a player in that position, it updates the position with the new player selection information and stats. Otherwise, if there is no player for the selected position the method creates and saves a new entry for the player for the given position with the given information for the user's game team in the database. It updates the session information with the new total and count. It then sets up the display information, including the the selected player for this user team and their stats plus the user game team info, and calls teams/addPlayer.html to display the player details and indicate the player was successfully added to the team.

players(): first checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If authenticated, the post method first gets the input for the position type from the user's selections. It then gets the stats for all players based on the position the user selected. Then the method checks the weekly games to see if they have started yet. If so, then it gets the first player of the selected position type and based on the position type, it sets the player description to either Defense, Kicker or Player position description. It then sets up the display information, and calls teams/saveGameStats.html. If games have not yet started, then it sets up the display information, and calls teams/savePlayerStats.html. The get method sets up the display information for the user to enter a position type and player id, and calls teams/viewPlayers.html with the display info setup.

save_game(pos): first checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If authenticated, it then gets the input for the player id from the user's selections for the pick to set game stats for. If the user made a selection for the pick, it then checks to see if the pick is in the db and if so, based on the position type passed into the method, it sets the player description to either Defense, Kicker or Player position description and also sets the stats from the correct db accordingly. It then sets up the display information, and calls teams/saveGameStats.html to display the pick's stats for updates. If no user selection made for the pick, then the method checks the input for the player id from the user's selections for the updated stats (previously selected). Then, based on the position type passed into the method, it checks the input fields for the stat entries expected (defense, kicker, or offense) and uses the player id from the user to get the existing stats from the db. Then, for each stat field, the method sets the points based on the scoring rules and updates the stats and fantasy points for the user entry and saves the db fields. The method then gets all the teams that have the given player included and for each one found, it updates the points based on the updated points. It then gets all weekly games from the
db and orders them based on team id. It then gets the points for each player on a given team, creates a team total, gets the weekly rankings for the team based on username and team id, and sets the team total based on the updated points. Once all teams are updated, it sorts the weekly rankings based on the totals in reverse order (highest to lowest) and then sets the ranking for each of the teams based on that sorting. Last, but not least, it sets up the display information for the user, and calls teams/success.html to indicate the stats were successfully updated.

save_player(pos): first checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If authenticated, it then gets the input the generic player stats (price, fanPts, projPts, ranking, pick) from the user's selections. It then checks to see if the pick is in the db and if so, it sets the price and saves it to the db record for the pick. Based on the position type passed into the method it gets the stats for the pick for the position type and sets the stats based on the user input. It then saves the updates back to the db and the gets the stats for all players. It then takes the stats for all players, sets up the display information and calls teams/savePlayerStats.html to display all stats for the given position.

update_stats(pos): this method is available to superusers only so there is no check. The post method first gets the username. It then checks to see if the player id passed into the method is in the db and if not, it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate player could not be found. Otherwise, it gets the input for the price, projPts, and ranking from the user's selections. It then checks the player's position and based on the type (defense, kicker, or offense) it gets the entries from the user's selections and if stats do not exist for the selected player, it adds the new stats for the selected player to the db. Otherwise, it updates the stats for the selected player based on position type and saves them back to the db. It then sets up the display information and calls teams/stats.html. The get method checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If the user is authenticated, it then checks to see if the player id passed into the method is in the db and if not, it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate player could not be found. Otherwise, it gets the stats for the player based on the position type and sets up the display information and calls teams/updateStats.html. 

game(): this method is available to superusers only so there is no check. 
The post method first gets the username. It then gets the input for the week and action from the user's selections. 

If an action is selected, it checks to see if it is 0. If so, then it gets all players from the db ordered by team id. If not found, then it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate player could not be found. Otherwise, for each player found it gets the stats based on the position type and then sets the price based on the current player ranking and projected points and save it back to the db. It then sets up the display information and calls teams/success.html to indicate pricing has been updated for all players. 

If action is 1, then it gets all game teams from the db with the status of submitted. If not found, then it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate games could not be found. Otherwise, for each game found it updates the status to started then gets the game username and team id and creates a new weekly ranking record and saves it in the db. It then sets up the display information and calls teams/success.html to indicate games for this week have been started. 
If action is 2, then it gets all game teams from the db with the status of started and ordered by team id. If not found, then it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate games could not be found. Otherwise, for each game found it updates the status to completed and saves it in the db. It then sets up the display information and calls teams/success.html to indicate games for this week have been completed. 

If action is 3, then it gets all game teams from the db with the status of started. If not found, then it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate games could not be found. Otherwise, for each game found it updates the status to submitted and saves it in the db. It then sets up the display information and calls teams/success.html to indicate games for this week have been completed. 

If action is 4, then it gets all defensive player stats from the db. If not found, then it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate defense stats could not be found. Otherwise, for each defense player found it updates the stats to 0 and saves it in the db. It then sets up the display information and calls teams/success.html to indicate defense stats for this week have been cleared. 

If action is 5, then it gets all kicker stats from the db. If not found, then it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate kicker stats could not be found. Otherwise, for each kicker found it updates the stats to 0 and saves it in the db. It then sets up the display information and calls teams/success.html to indicate kicker stats for this week have been cleared. 
If action is 6, then it gets all offenseive player stats from the db. If not found, then it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate offense player stats could not be found. Otherwise, for each offense player found it updates the stats to 0 and saves it in the db. It then sets up the display information and calls teams/success.html to indicate player stats for this week have been cleared. 

If action is 7, then it gets all players in fantasy teams from the db with the status of started and orders them by team id. For each player found, it gets the latest player stats based on player position, updates the points for the fantasy game team, and saves it in the db. It also totals up the points for the team. Once it gets to the last player on the team, it gets the weekly ranking record for the team, updates the total, and saves it to the db. Once all teams are updated, it sorts the weekly rankings based on the totals in reverse order (highest to lowest) and then sets the ranking for each of the teams based on that sorting. It then sets up the display information and calls teams/success.html to indicate games for this week have been ranked. 
If there is no action from the user's selections, then the user selected a week and the method gets all the games in the season schedule db and sorts them by week. If there are no games found, it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate season schedule could not be found. Otherwise, for each game in schedule it sets the currentWeek field to the input for the week from the user's selections and saves the updates to the db. It then sets up the display information and calls teams/updateStats.html. 

The get method checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If the user is authenticated, it then gets the first game of all the games from the season schedule. It the then uses the current week and current day, sets up the display information, and calls teams/updateGame.html. 

schedule(): first checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If authenticated, the post method gets the input for the week from the user's selections. It then uses the week as well as the season schedule for the given week for each day, sets up the display information, and calls teams/viewSchedule.html to display all stats for the given position. the get method uses the season schedule sorted by week, sets up the display information, and calls teams/viewSchedule.html to allow the user to select the week they would like to view.

update_schedule(game): first checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If authenticated, the post method gets the input for the day, month, date, plus home and away teams from the user's selections. It then uses the game passed into the method and checks to see if it is in the season schedule db. If not, it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate game does not exist. Otherwise, it sets the day, month, date, plus home and away teams to update the game and saves it back to the schedule db. It then uses the season schedule sorted by week, sets up the display information, and calls teams/viewSchedule.html with the updated information. The get method uses the season schedule for the week that is passed into the method and if not found, it formats an error message and calls teams/error.html to indicate game does not exist. Otherwise, it sets up the display information, and calls teams/updateSchedule.html to allow the user to select the day, month, date, plus home and away teams for the game.

# urls.py
File run within django to map the python views to the html files for django. It consists of the paths between the urls, views, and html files. 

# models.py
File run within django to setup the database models that define the tables to hold the data which django will create using sqlite. It consists of the models and table definitions for each. 

player table holds all player information, including name, age, team type (offense, defense, special teams), position, team id, etc.

playerStats table holds all offensive player stats for the offense, including fantasy points, projected points, ranking, passing yards, rushing TDs, receiving yards, return TDs, etc.

kickerStats table holds all kicker stats for the "PK" position, including fantasy points, projected points, ranking, under20, over50, made, etc.

defStats table holds all defense/special teams stats using the "K" position to hold the stats, including fantasy points, projected points, ranking, points allowed, sacks, safeties, etc.

gameTeam table holds all fantasy teams, including username, player id, fantasy team position, etc.
weeklyRankings table holds each fantasy teams information, which includes username, team id, total, and weekly ranking

seasonSchedule table holds all games for the season, including week, day, month, home team, away team, etc.

# apps.py
File run within django that defines the application (and folders) including teams and users. 

# admin.py
File run within django that registers the models for django. It registers each of the models.


# teams/templates folder - users folder
# base.html
File that loads static and defines the head html, which includes the block title. Defines the default page banner with red and blue blocks with NFL image and title. Also setups formatting for body block.

# users/login.html
Extends users/base.html. File that defines the block body for login, including login heading, form for username and password with submit button, and link to registration page.

# register.html
Extends users/base.html. File that defines the block body for registration page, including Register heading and form for new user registration (username, password, email, first name, last name) plus submit button.

# teams/templates folder - teams folder
# base.html
File that loads static and defines the head html, which includes the block title. Defines the default page banner with red and blue blocks with NFL image and title. Also setups formatting for user block, header block, and body block.

# index.html
Extends teams/base.html. File that loads static and defines the index javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the user block based on if the username is passed in or not. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, viewTeam and joinGame if the user is not a super user and viewNFLTeam and updateGame if they are a superuser with default set to index. 
Defines the body block to include a check for if the games are started. 

If games are started, template displays title "All User Teams" and then lists all of this week's submitted fantasy teams in ranked order, as links that take you to the viewTeam page to list all players for the given fantasy team. 

If games are not started, then it checks if the user is a regular user or superuser. 

If user is regular user, it checks to see if submitted teams exist for the current user. If no submitted teams exist for the current user, then it checks the count and if it is 0, then it displays "No Fantasy Teams for User". If submitted teams exist, template displays title "All User Teams" and then lists all of this week's submitted fantasy teams in ranked order, as links that take you to the viewTeam page to list all players for the given fantasy team. It then checks if the count > 0, and if so then it lists all in progress fantasy teams for the current user, as links that take you to the viewTeam page to list all players for the given fantasy team. 

If user is superuser, it lists all the NFL teams in the AFC and then the NFC, as links that take you to the viewNFLTeam page to list all players for the given NFL team with the team's logo shown for each team. 

# addPlayer.html
Extends teams/base.html. File that loads static and defines the teams javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, viewTeam and joinGame if the user is not a super user and viewNFLTeam and updateGame if they are a superuser with default set based on the calling view. Defines the body block to include the page title with the team id, player details, a link to the viewTeam page, and a link to the index page.

# success.html
Extends teams/base.html. File that loads static and defines the teams javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, viewTeam and joinGame if the user is not a super user and viewNFLTeam and updateGame if they are a superuser with default set based on the calling view. Defines the body block to include the page title, as well as the success message, a link to the viewTeam page if the user is not a super user or a link to the viewNFLTeam page if the user is a super user, and a link to the index page.

# error.html
Extends teams/base.html. File that loads static and defines the teams javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder if the user is not a super user and orderStatus if they are a superuser with default set based on calling view. Defines the body block to include the page title, as well as the error message, a link to the viewPlayers page, and a link to the index page.

# compare.html
Extends teams/base.html. File that loads static and defines the index javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs for a regular use rwith default set to viewPlayers. Defines the body block to include the page title, and if a pick is included, template displays the current pick player info and stats as well as 3 dropdowns including a list of all players based on the current pick player's position type. It also includes a link to the viewPlayers page and a link to the index page.

# players.html
Extends teams/base.html. File that loads static and defines the index javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the user block based on if the username is passed in or not. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, viewTeam and joinGame if the user is not a super user and viewNFLTeam and updateGame if they are a superuser with default set to viewPlayers. Defines the body block to check if a pick is included, and if so displays the list of all players for the same position type of the pick. If the user is a super user, then display a button for updating the player stats and a link to the updateStats page. If the user is a regular user, then display a button for comparing the player stats and a link to the compare page. It also includes a link to the index page.

# saveGameStats.html
Extends teams/base.html. File that loads static and defines the index javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the user block based on if the username is passed in or not. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, viewTeam and joinGame if the user is not a super user and viewNFLTeam and updateGame if they are a superuser with default set to viewPlayers. Defines the body block to include the page title and the position description. If stats == 0 then display a dropdown list of all players based on position type for user to select. Otherwise, displays a title row for Player and Stats and then checks the position type for the player passed in and displays player and stats for position type (defense, kicker, or offense) as well as input fields for each of the stat fields plus a submit button for user to save updated entries. It also includes a link to the viewPlayers page and a link to the index page.

# savePlayerStats.html
Extends teams/base.html. File that loads static and defines the index javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the user block based on if the username is passed in or not. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, viewTeam and joinGame if the user is not a super user and viewNFLTeam and updateGame if they are a superuser with default set to viewPlayers. Defines the body block to include the page title and title row for Player, Price, ProjPts, and Ranking. It then displays the list of all players for the given position type. If the user is a super user, then displays input fields for each of the player stats (price, projPts, ranking) and displays a button for submitting the updates. If the user is a regular user, then display a button for comparing the player stats (price, projPts, ranking) and a link to the compare page. It also includes a link to the viewPlayers page and a link to the index page.

# selectPick.html
Extends teams/base.html. File that loads static and defines the index javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the user block based on if the username is passed in or not. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs with default set to viewTeam. Defines the body block to include the page title with position type and team id included in title. It then checks the position type of the player and based on the type, it displays the player info, stats, and opponent for the current player in the position for the fantasy team. It then displays the list of all players for the given position type with their stats and opponent for user to choose from along with a submit button. It also includes a link to the viewTeam page and a link to the index page.

# stats.html
Extends teams/base.html. File that loads static and defines the index javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the user block based on if the username is passed in or not. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs with default set to viewNFLTeam. Defines the body block to include the page title with position type and team id included in title. It then checks the position type of the player and based on the type, it displays the player info, stats, and opponent for the current player in the position for the fantasy team. It then displays the list of all players for the given position type with their stats and opponent for user to choose from along with a submit button to save their choice. It also includes a link to the viewTeam page and a link to the index page.

# submitTeam.html
Extends teams/base.html. File that loads static and defines the index javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the user block based on if the username is passed in or not. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs with default set to submitTeam. Defines the body block to include the page title with team id included in title. It then checks the position type of each player and based on the type, it displays the player info and price for the current player in the specific position for the fantasy team along with a submit button to save their team. It also includes a link to the viewTeam page and a link to the index page.

# updateGame.html
Extends teams/base.html. File that loads static and defines the updateGame javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the user block based on if the username is passed in or not. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs with default set to updateGame. Defines the body block to include a section title for the top section of the page which is week selection. It then displays the list of all weeks in this season's schedule for admin user to choose from along with a submit button to save their choice. It sets the default selection based on the current week. The bottom section of the page is other actions and includess a section title for the bottom section of the page. It then displays the list of all administrative actions to perform for weekly games along with a submit button to save their choice. It also includes a link to the index page.

# updatePlayer.html
Extends teams/base.html. File that loads static and defines the updatePlayer javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the user block based on if the username is passed in or not. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs with default set to viewNFLTeam. Defines the body block to include the page title. It then displays the player's first and last name plus number as input fields defaulted to the current player information so the user can update it. It includes a dropdown list of position types for user to select from, defaulted to the current position type for player selection. It also displays the age, heightFeet, heightInches, weight, experience, and college as input fields defaulted to current player information. It includes dropdowns for team type, NFL team, division, and player status for user to select from and defaulted to the current player information. Finally, it displays a submit button to save their choice and a link back to the stats page. It also includes a link to the index page.

# updateSchedule.html
Extends teams/base.html. File that loads static and defines the updateSchedule javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, viewTeam and joinGame if the user is not a super user and viewNFLTeam and updateGame if they are a superuser with default set to updateSchedule. Defines the body block to include the page title. It then displays the day, month, and date as input fields defaulted to the current game schedule information so the user can update it. It includes a dropdown list of home and away teams for user to select from, defaulted to the current game schedule selection. Finally, it displays a submit button to save their choice and a link back to the viewSchedule page. It also includes a link to the index page.

# updateStats.html
Extends teams/base.html. File that loads static and defines the index javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs with default set to viewNFLTeam. Defines the body block to include the page title. It then checks the player position type to display either the defense/special teams name or the player's name and number as input fields defaulted to the current player information. Then it displays the price as input with default followed by the projected points and ranking stats also as input with current info as defaults. It checks if player stats exist and if so, it then checks the position type and based on that it displays all the player stats for the given position type defaulted to the current stats info so user can set or update. If player stats do not exist, it still checks the position type and based on that it displays all the player stats for the given position type defaulted to 0 so user can set values. Finally, it displays a submit button to save their choice and a link back to the stats page. It also includes a link to the index page.

# viewCompare.html
Extends teams/base.html. File that loads static and defines the index javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs with default set to viewPlayers. Defines the body block to include the page title. 

For the selected player which the other player's are being compared to (called pick), it then checks the player position type to display either the defense/special teams name or the player's name and number for the pick. Then it displays the price, projected points, and ranking followed by the opponent team for the pick. 

It then checks to see if the first player is defined to compare with the pick and if so, it then checks the player position type to display either the defense/special teams name or the player's name and number for player1. Then it displays the price, projected points, and ranking followed by the opponent team for player1. 

It then checks to see if the second player is defined to compare with the pick and if so, it then checks the player position type to display either the defense/special teams name or the player's name and number for player2. Then it displays the price, projected points, and ranking followed by the opponent team for player2. 

It then checks to see if the third player is defined to compare with the pick and if so, it then checks the player position type to display either the defense/special teams name or the player's name and number for player3. Then it displays the price, projected points, and ranking followed by the opponent team for player3. 

Next it again checks the position type for the pick and based on the current type it either sets up the position type selection when there is no choice or displays a dropdown with the possible options for postion this type is eligible to be submitted as, based on the current pick's position type. 

Finally, it checks the position type again to display a submit button with position specific help text for user to save their choice. It also includes a link to the viewPlayers page and a link to the index page.

# viewNFLTeam.html
Extends teams/base.html. File that loads static and defines the index javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs with default set to viewNFLTeam. Defines the body block to include the page title. 

The template first checks to see if a team id was passed in and if not, it displays an input for the team id the user would like to view. If there is a team id, then it displays the players based on index so offense is displayed first, then special teams, then defense. 

For the offense players, it loops through each and for the first player it displays a header row with titles for name, position, age, height, weight, experience, and college. For all players it then displays the player info for all but the offensive line (pos=5), which includes QBs (pos=0), RBs (pos=1), FBs (pos=2), WRs (pos=3), and TEs (pos=4). Then it checks to see if the user is a super user and if so, it displays a button which contains a link to stats page.

For the kicker players, it loops through each and for the first player it displays a header row with titles for name, position, age, height, weight, experience, and college. For all players it then displays the player info for PKs only (pos=7). Then it checks to see if the user is a super user and if so, it displays a button which contains a link to stats page.

For the defense, it just displays the title Defense and then it checks to see if the user is a super user and if so, it displays a button which contains a link to stats page (for pos=8).
It also includes a link to the index page.

# viewPlayers.html
Extends teams/base.html. File that loads static and defines the index javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, viewTeam and joinGame if the user is not a super user and viewNFLTeam and updateGame if they are a superuser with default set to viewPlayers. Defines the body block to include the page title. The template displays a dropdown of position type selections for the user to choose from. It also displays a submit button to save the selection. It includes a link to the index page.

# viewSchedule.html
Extends teams/base.html. File that loads static and defines the index javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, viewTeam and joinGame if the user is not a super user and viewNFLTeam and updateGame if they are a superuser with default set to viewSchedule. 

It then checks the week and if 0 (invalid), defines the body block to include the page title for selecting the week to view. The template then displays a dropdown of season years (which only includes 2019 right now) as well as a dropdown of season weeks for the user to choose from. It also displays a submit button to save the selections. It includes a link to the index page.

If the week is valid (not 0) then it defines the body block to include the page title for viewing specific week's schedule, by day. It displays the day, month, and date as a section header (for Thursday games, then Saturday games, Sunday games, and then Monday). For each section, it loops through the games and displays the away team name at the home team name and then if the user is a super user it displays a button that links the user to the updateSchedule page. It includes a link to the viewSchedule page and also a link to the index page.

# viewTeam.html
Extends teams/base.html. File that loads static and defines the index javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, including viewTeam for all users and joinGame if the user is not a super user and updateGame if they are a superuser with default set to viewTeam. Defines the body block to include the page title. 

The template first checks to see if a ranking was passed in and if not, it displays the title including the team id and ranking, otherwise it displays the title includig the team id and fantasy price cap.

It then checks if a game was included. If so, then it checks each position to see if a player is included. If it is, then it displays the player name and number. Then it checks to see if the weekly games have started and if so, it displays the points for the player position in given game. Otherwise, it ensures the team is not submitted and not, it displays a button as a link to the selectPick page (so user can change their pick). If no player is included, it displays a dropdown list of all players for the given position type, a hidden input field for the position type, and a submit button for the user to add the selected player to their team. It then checks if other team is included and if so, it checks if count is 0. If so, it displays a button that reads "Create new fantasy team" with a link to viewTeam with the other team as a parameter. Otherwise, it displays a button that reads "Add players to fantasy team in progress" with a link to viewTeam with the other team as a parameter. If other team is not included it checks if count is included (>0) and if so, if the count == 1, it displays the total team price and count for single player wording. If count is > 1, it checks if the weekly games have started and if so, it displays the team total price and count for mutliple player wording. Otherwise, it displays the team total points and count.

If no game is included, it displays a dropdown list of all players for the given position type, a hidden input field for the position type, and a submit button for the user to add the selected player to their team. If count == 1, it displays the total team price and count for single player wording. Otherwise, it displays the team total price and count for mutliple player wording.
Finally it displays a link to the viewPlayers page and also a link to the index page.


# teams/static folder - teams folder
# styles.css
File that defines styling for html pages.

# index.js
File that defines the setup for the index html. If there is a user_name element in the document, then the login tab is greyed out, otherwise the logout tab is greyed out. 

format_selected_tab(): function passes in e_th, e_link in order to set menu tab highlight to indicated page.

format_old_tab(): function passes in e_th, e_link in order to set previously selected menu tab back to defaults.

# teams.js
File that defines the setup for several html pages. Since there must be a user logged in on all of these pages, ensures the login tab is greyed out. 

# updateGame.js
File that defines the setup for updateGame html page. Since there must be a user logged in on all of these pages, ensures the login tab is greyed out. It also ensures the currentWeek field stays hidden (display style set to none). Then it uses the value of currentWeek to set the default selection for the week dropdown.

# updatePlayer.js
File that defines the setup for updatePlayer html page. Since there must be a user logged in on all of these pages, ensures the login tab is greyed out. 

It ensures the posInfo field stays hidden (display style set to none). Then it uses the value of posInfo to set the default selection for the position dropdown. 

It also ensures the teamTypeInfo field stays hidden (display style set to none). Then it uses the value of teamTypeInfo to set the default selection for the team type dropdown. 

It then ensures the teamInfo field stays hidden (display style set to none). Then it uses the value of teamInfo to set the default selection for the team id dropdown. 

It ensures the teamDiv field stays hidden (display style set to none). Then it uses the value of teamDiv to set the default selection for the division dropdown. 

It finally ensures the statusInfo field stays hidden (display style set to none). Then it uses the value of statusInfo to set the default selection for the status dropdown.

# updateSchedule.js
File that defines the setup for updatePlayer html page. Since there must be a user logged in on all of these pages, ensures the login tab is greyed out. It ensures the awayTeam field stays hidden (display style set to none). Then it uses the value of awayTeam to set the default selection for the away team dropdown. It also ensures the homeTeam field stays hidden (display style set to none). Then it uses the value of homeTeam to set the default selection for the home team dropdown. 